Now before we move to the database seeding concept let's first run our tests and see if they still do
work.
So remember that we are running our tests using the obscure light database not the one we are using
for our application which is my askew url.
So there are certain differences and some of this behavior of the school like database might be different.
So after running the tests you can see that we have a lot of errors and it seems to be a recurring error
that you cannot add are not new column with default value.
No.
So this relates to our latest migration where we are the user I.D. column which is not new at all but
in Eskew a light you cannot add a note no column without specifying our default value even if the table
is empty.
So we had that problem before with my school database but then we had records inside the database and
now the database is to recreate it every time we run our specific test.
Well it is automatically recreated by Lavell but it complains about this particular case that we create
not no column and do not specify our default value.
So to walk around this error we might use the same construct as we used in different migrations to check
the environment.
D.B. connection if it is askew l like testing.
So let's copy this fragment here and do specific migration for that obscure light.
So let's move this as the.
Behavior for anything else than the obscure light tests and for school light tests will provide a dummy
default value since this column is an integer.
We can specify zero
and now after making this change our tests will run.
So this is just our short lecture about this particular problem in school light.
And now let's go and work on the database seeding.